# Tan Zhe Hui - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview
Budget Buddy empowers students to take control of their finances by providing a simple and intuitive way to track 
expenses, set budgets, and gain financial insights. By offering real-time updates, spending alerts, and budget 
summaries, Budget Buddy helps students develop better financial habits, avoid overspending, and make informed financial 
decisions without hassle.

### Summary of Contributions

#### Abstract Command Class and Subclasses
* <u>What it does</u>:
  * The abstract command class defines a common structure for different types of commands in the application. It ensures
that all command classes follow a consistent interface, making it easier to extend and maintain. By establishing a 
standardized framework, it simplifies the implementation of various user actions such as adding, editing, 
and deleting expenses.
* <u>Justification</u>:
  * Using an abstract command class provides a reusable foundation for handling different commands, reducing code 
duplication and improving maintainability. By following the Command Pattern, it promotes separation of concerns, making
the system more modular and flexible. This approach helps developers efficiently implement and manage the logic for 
different commands without the need for redundant code.

#### Adding Expenses
* <u>What it does</u>: 
  * Allows users to add new expenses. These expenses contain details such as amount, description, budget
  category and date and time of expenditure. The category and date/time are optional, defaulting to the Overall Budget 
  and the current date and time, respectively.
* <u>Justification</u>:
  * Enables users to efficiently track and record their expenditures, helping them better manage their finances.

#### Editing Expenses
* <u>What it does</u>:
  * Allows users to edit expenses. The amount, description and date and time of expenditure can all be edited. The 
  amount, description and change in date and time are all optional, and can be left out if unchanged.
* <u>Justification</u>:
  * Enables users to update their expenditures, in the event of incorrect logging.

#### Other Contributions
* Implemented `BudgetManager` class to handle and manage `Budget` and `Expense` classes.
* Implemented `Budget`, `Expense`, `InputManager` and `InputParser` classes.
* Added methods in `Ui` class to ensure proper output.
* Implemented `InvalidInputException` for exception handling.
* Implemented JUnit tests for `BudgetManager`, `Expense`, `AddExpenseCommand`, `InputParser`, `CheckBudgetCommand`,
`AlertCommand`, `DeleteAlertCommand`, `EditAlertCommand`, `EditBudgetCommand`, `EditExpenseCommand`, `ExitCommand`, and 
`BudgetSummary`.
* Implemented warnings to trigger whenever total expenses hit or exceed the budget limits.

### Developer Guide
* Added details under the **Design** section documenting code flow of how commands are processed through the
`InputManager`, `InputParser`, `Command` subclasses and `Parser` subclasses.
* Added sequence diagram for processing of user input for the `add` command.
* Added class diagram for input processing logic.
* Added description of `BudgetManager` class, and class diagram for `BudgetManager`.
* Added sequence diagram of execution of `add` and `edit-expense` commands within `BudgetManager`.

### User Guide
* Added description, formatting and examples for `add` function
* Added description, formatting and examples for `edit-expense` function

### Code Contributed
* View my code contribution [here](https://nus-cs2113-ay2425s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=t12&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2025-02-21&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=ae-24&tabRepo=AY2425S2-CS2113-T12-4%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false).